Enable agent_install_dependency_modules config option by default (#7285)
inmanta/inmanta-core: docs/model_developers/modules.rst

  login <username>
  password <password>

For more information see the doc about `pip authentication <https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/topics/authentication/>`_.

You will also need to specify the url of the repository in the ``project.yml`` file of your project (See: :ref:`specify_location_pip`).

By following the previous steps, the Inmanta server will be able to install modules from a private Python package repository.

Inter-module dependencies
#########################

The plugins code of a module A can have a dependency on the plugins code of another V2 module B. When doing this,

> care should be taken that the Python module(s) you depend on, do not define any resources or providers. Otherwise the

Reviewer: Have you checked this with the solutions team? From the ticket:

> technically it can iff they are always there but that's more difficult to explain so only mention that if the solutions team sees a use case for it

Another, similar, technicality that we probably want to skip: the module can contain resources as long as those resources are not present in the model.

Author: > Have you checked this with the solutions team?

Yes.

> care should be taken that the Python module(s) you depend on, do not define any resources or providers. Otherwise the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
care should be taken that the module(s) you depend on, do not define any resources or providers. Otherwise the
```

I think the "Python" qualifier could be more confusing than helpful. It may seem to imply that it's the specific python module (file) that you depend on, while in practice none of the Python modules in that inmanta module may have resources.

python environment of the agent can get corrupt in the following way:

> 1. Module A-1.0 depends on X.py of module B-1.0

Reviewer: Any reason to use capital letters for module names and Python file names? Those are conventionally lowercase.

2. A-1.0 and B-1.0 are exported: The exporter exports the X.py file to the server and the agent puts the X.py file in
   its code directory.

> 3. In a later version of module B (B-2.0) the X.py file doesn't have any resources anymore.

Reviewer: I think this one should be split up:
- the resources being present or not are a property of the model, which will in most (if not all) cases be on the side of either the project or module `A`.
- Then, sometime after that a new version of module `B` is released and included in the project.

Author: I don't understand this. Could you elaborate?

Author: I see that usually there is also a change required on module mod-a, but I still don't see clearly which changes you want to see applied. Could you make a concrete proposal?

Reviewer: 1. <current>. The configuration model (in the project or one of the modules) constructs resources from both modules A and B.
2. <unchanged>
3. The configuration model is changed to only construct resources from module A.
4. A-1.0 is exported again, B-1.0 is no longer exported because it doesn't have any resources. The X.py file still exists in the agent code directory.
5. A new version of module B (B-2.0) is released and included in the project. The project is re-exported: A-1.0 is exported again, B-2.0 is not (again because it doesn't have any resources). The old X.py file still exists in the agent code directory. It is loaded by the agent instead of the one from B-2.0.

It still cuts some corners but I think it is an OK compromise.

> 4. A-1.0 and B-2.0 are exported: The exporter doesn't export X.py anymore, because it doesn't have any resources. The

Reviewer: > B-2.0 are exported: The exporter doesn't export X.py anymore

So `B` is not exported at all I think.

Author: Correct! I will change that.

   agent doesn't modify the X.py present in its code directory, but the old version of X.py is still present. The

>    results is that the stale version of X.py is loadedinstead of the version present in the agents python environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   result is that the stale version of X.py is loaded instead of the version present in the agent's python environment.
```
